[Music]
Javi I'm making a fortune without an apartment I
read on Twitter now that you just
talked about this that I don't know if the people
here I hope they let us know I
read on Twitter that apparently I haven't
seen it well well I don't know if the people
here know Isabel Ávila who was a
girl that we have also taken
out many times okay she told you
that she told about Antonio well they have said
on Twitter I haven't seen it I mean I haven't had
time to look at it like she had
given to understand that Marta that
Marta is warned because Antonio
David Could have a little friend now
look at you because I respect
everyone who goes on TV like it's a medium
that I have always liked the subject
of the heart the gossip on the contrary I
as always will see myself especially in the
youth as my personal struggle not that
gossip is accepted that it is not frowned upon that I do
n't know what no but let's see let's see
you have a limit and you have your
cases okay to me that lady who is like
crazy crawling she only
needs to put herself you me  you told me to
put a nightgown on that lady,
all she needs to do is put on the
fluorescent vests from the cars
and put on the civil guard's flashlight
please telecinco please I
beg you I'll say whatever it takes
Javi listen to me I find that funny
Because right now the subject of Antonio
David as such is banned on mediaset
So this lady No right now there is no
room for any program back in the day she
had it so it surprises me
because she has written to me several times
on instagram as if to try to open my
eyes not according to her according to her as
telling me that I as if I were a
victim and all and I say my goodness I don't
consider myself intelligent to let myself be
manipulated by anyone obviously we
can all make mistakes but the girl
was like very insistent don't you
realize it's that maybe then I read
today that according to her according to her she would have
written that I haven't seen it
apparently Well that she sort of
warns Marta from Hey be careful that
Antonio has a little friend in case it
was like that how does she know or rather I
want to tell you I don't know always
precisely
things as they are  I doubt it very much and
although the past Antonio David is there
because he is there but I doubt that now
as we see them both in a
second youth with everything that she has
risked And with everything that he
has also left behind he has given her her place I doubt very much
that now, today, Antonio David will
be unfaithful to Marta, I risk in the
future, I know that each relationship is a
world in itself but I find it hard to believe it
sincerely then also what desire does
a couple who right now are
happy
what desire to get involved
by the way a kiss to Marta who the
other day was lovely eh she told us
that she didn't see her every morning
no, they are not going to take this into account They are not
going to take this into account or pay
attention to this and also
coming from who it comes from, it is not
only the fact of how they are
right now of the double second youth
that they are living and all that stuff
Pilar darling
but precisely Antonio right now
after what just happened and all
that stuff it is not that he will do it but
that he will do it in a way that catches him
but that people catch him who are the first to find
out and  you know Ávila
precisely
but if Isabel Ávila is here she has
put on the icon this fuchsia I say oh
mother of God it's like opportunism no
but you for example Marina I see
you going to look for work in television for
for example two reasons or for your
journalism career or for your career as a
singing artist But
Javi it's time that you recognized my
artistic worth I
know eh
Hey I recognize her I recognize her the one
who doesn't sing is me because she says no she won't
let me sing if she wants to put you here
dancing on a stage the one you don't know what's
going on dancing is not my thing and I don't
like things that I know I'm not good at
but look since we're here I'm going to
sing you another song but let me
tell you okay okay okay okay okay okay Do
n't you think we're
going I hope it doesn't sound derogatory
or anything or anything further from the truth
but the thing is I can't see it any other
way Marina than you presenting yourself on
television with such insistence
to sell that you're sleeping with a
married guy or whatever or please call me
I'm the  another Hey, what did it cost me
with this married guy? Do
n't you think it's the least dignified thing you can do
on television, one of the
least dignified things, one of the least
dignified things. And well, well, by that rule
of three, then what Alba
Carrillo did would also be the same
because Alba Carrillo is a
TV personality and she doesn't have to call me,
even on Telecinco. I'll wear a pink robe
if necessary. No, no, she's there
on TV and from time to time, damn, in
fact, the case would not have been a media event
if Alba Carrillo hadn't been the
protagonist if it had been now
Pérez with a girl from the nightclub who
wants this, he's going to upload this one day,
of course, of course, paragraph, they are
saying it's missing. Sorry, I'm
reading people because I'm
very interested in what they say, they say there are many missing
likes, it can't be and I'm not one of those
annoying people who says those things, but it can't
be that we have 1900, which is
almost the year I was born. No, no, no,
I think there should be two thousand to
tell it about Ortega Cano.
I think that to tell it about Ortega Cano there
has to be  there's at least 2,600 Marina
worth 2,600 look You see Now you see I
see them going up but I think there are people who
are giving the dislike don't be like that
we are good people
but I think that like this
eh I grew when I have sung I think that like this
when you have sung it's that I can't
see it if you sing they will leave if we
stay with a hundred people I will stay
doing the program Just to see you sing
Javi delight us No no no no no no I don't
even know how to talk how you are going to know so much
Marina But how are you not going to know how to talk
if you live from it but oh well because
people have already got the hang of it and they have caught my
tone of I go and understand me this is
like when it hasn't happened to you maybe
you don't have a child yet but a
nephew some children Still this
step daughter I will stay come on bald I will stay
with Loli's flowers watching
life go by that will be my future because
listen to me she has a nephew Well
more or less Yes yes yes that you understand her
language but only you understand it and
now it is about  the street talking and now
maybe he says any word but
of course he tells you what he said and
you're alone that happens to my followers that happen
to me then people from
outside come and don't understand me Hey but
who the [ __ ] is this King the [ __ ] is talking
well closing the topic of Isabel Ávila
not only do I not believe her but she
seems like a pathetic character and not
only does she seem like a pathetic character
but I'm also glad that she did
n't achieve her purpose
because what puts me off is not the
gossip thing and that a person
with Tom gossiping that gives us
content and if it weren't for us people wouldn't
lend themselves to this We wouldn't have content
but when it smells so much Marina when they
are shameless
yes because it is the but it is what we
always talk about when we want the truth to be
good Alba Alba Alba Understand me Albas of
everything is kamikaze she crosses limits But it's
true Understand me she is a girl for
better or worse but that's how it is I mean no there are
no
these lies those montages those pacts I mean
it's up front so if it seems like
[ __ ] to you it seems wrong but it is what  There I
prefer those people to not the ones who
try to sell us a motorcycle. Do you understand me?
Like other people who don't need to be
mentioned. Then look, they say Marina,
sing your daughter, vivaila. If I don't
see you dancing.